Okay, so we're talking about Finland.
It was the summertime so because
North part, it doesn't get dark till like
10 30 at night
and then got really bright right by like 3 a.m
ha ha ha So that was really nice.
we went to buy the lake because
yeah
So they not only own the house on the island and I think on the island they're like
I don't know how many houses, but maybe a dozen or so. It's a small island.
about a dozen or so houses, but you can't see any other people.
because it's like bushes in the backyard and stuff
Yeah, you kind of see that lights.
and stuff like that but it's like just your
Yeah, very private. and then So you need to own a house on the island.
but you also need a boat that you can get on to get there.
That was beautiful. That was very beautiful.
uh ha ha ah
well i
What is venison?
oh
we have Elk. Elk meat.
It was gamey. It was chewy.
oh. She does move.
Yeah, where there house (***) what's the relationship like with your...
mother side grandparents.
oh wow
He's still a pastor.
yeah
oh He wanted to pass it on to you. That's neat.
He's the second generation, so you're the fourth generation.
You're the third generation, our side.
does it Make you 3.5.
ha haaa
ha ha ha
mmmm
I don't think so. I don't think he was a full-time principal at that time.. i think he had
feels. But you can ask.
ha ha ha
Yeah, I don't think so. I don't think you have.